README.md, before:

This vagrant box installs elasticsearch 1.7, logstash 1.5.3 and kibana 4.1.1
This is a new version where puppet has been replaced by ansible.

## Prerequisites

[VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) and [Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com/) (minimum version 1.6)
Other providers, like VMWare may work, not tested!


## Up and SSH

To start the vagrant box run:

    vagrant up

To log in to the machine run:

    vagrant ssh

Elasticsearch will be available on the host machine at [http://localhost:9200/](http://localhost:9200/) 

Kibana at [http://localhost:5601/](http://localhost:5601/)

Marvel elasticsearch plugin at [http://localhost:9200/_plugin/marvel/](http://localhost:9200/_plugin/marvel/)

HQ elasticsearch plugin at [http://localhost:9200/_plugin/HQ/](http://localhost:9200/_plugin/HQ/)


## Vagrant commands


```
vagrant up # starts the machine
vagrant ssh # ssh to the machine
vagrant halt # shut down the machine
vagrant provision # applies the bash and puppet provisioning

```

##Elasticsearch
Installed via debian package, started on boot.
Controlled by

```bash

 sudo service elasticsearch

```


##Logstash
Installed via debian package, started on boot.
Controlled by

```bash

 sudo service logstash

```

If you want some sample Logstash data to play with, run

```bash

/opt/logstash/bin/logstash agent -f /vagrant/confs/logstash/logstash.conf

```
It will index into elasticsearch
reading from example log file at [/vagrant/example-logs/testlog](/example-logs/testlog)

##Kibana 
Manual install, start up script provided in this repo.
Controlled by

```bash

sudo service kibana

```

Commit message:

added link to ansible init originator

README.md, after:

This vagrant box installs elasticsearch 1.7, logstash 1.5.3 and kibana 4.1.1
This is a new version where puppet has been replaced by ansible.

## Prerequisites

[VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) and [Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com/) (minimum version 1.6)
Other providers, like VMWare may work, not tested!

## Checkout the project
This repo now uses submodules.
IMPORTANT!!
You MUST checkout the submodules or nothing will work.

    git clone --recurse-submodules  https://github.com/comperiosearch/vagrant-elk-box-ansible.git

If you need to pull in latest changes, please uses

     git pull --recurse-submodules
     git submodule update --init --recursive

## Up and SSH

To start the vagrant box run:

    vagrant up

To log in to the machine run:

    vagrant ssh

Elasticsearch will be available on the host machine at [http://localhost:9200/](http://localhost:9200/) 

Kibana at [http://localhost:5601/](http://localhost:5601/)

Marvel elasticsearch plugin at [http://localhost:9200/_plugin/marvel/](http://localhost:9200/_plugin/marvel/)

HQ elasticsearch plugin at [http://localhost:9200/_plugin/HQ/](http://localhost:9200/_plugin/HQ/)


## Vagrant commands


```
vagrant up # starts the machine
vagrant ssh # ssh to the machine
vagrant halt # shut down the machine
vagrant provision # applies the bash and puppet provisioning

```

##Elasticsearch
Installed via debian package, started on boot.
Controlled by

```bash

 sudo service elasticsearch

```


##Logstash
Installed via debian package, started on boot.
Controlled by

```bash

 sudo service logstash

```

Some sample Logstash data is installed on provisioning. Reading in log lines from include/example-logs/testlog

##Kibana 
Controlled by

```bash

sudo service kibana

```

## Ansible init script
Code for Ansible init script was heavily inspired by this blog http://akrabat.com/provisioning-with-ansible-within-the-vagrant-guest/
